2018, All Rights Reserved by Studio Kasumi (https://www.artstation.com/studiokasumi).

Modified from the Simple EULA Project
http://simpleeulas.weebly.com/fair-eulas.html

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

1. Studio Kasumi ("Developer") grants you a license to install and use this font on any devices you want. You are free to study, share, modify, backup, embed in applications, create derivatives and redistribute the font freely with the following stipulations.

• Do not use commercially or for any monetary gain. It's based on the title of Skyrim. So if you want a potential showdown with a billion dollar corp's team of lawyers, then don't try it. I am also totally absolved of any attempts at commercialization since I'm saying it's forbidden here.
• Credit Studio Kasumi in all instances of uploading the font files in any part or whole with a link back to one of my official download pages or social media pages. If you simply use the font in a graphic, video, stream or other media and don't include the font files themselves, credit is not necessary, but is appreciated.
• Always package a copy of this license in a text file or otherwise easily accessible area for the end user. Otherwise include it in text format on the page you uploaded it to.
• Contact me if you've added language support or another feature that might benefit the official version of the font. I'd love to work with you in incorporating any possible additions or improvements into the primary download sources!
• Do not use the font in any illegal or inappropriate usages.
• Use of Sovngarde in any manner does not denote an endorsement from Studio Kasumi. Any implied or stated affiliation or endorsement by Studio Kasumi is prohibited unless given permission to do by the developer.
• Do not redistribute the font on the following platforms: ModDrop.

2. If you do not agree to the above and the following terms of this license, uninstall and remove all copies.

NO WARRANTY

3. Developer provides this Software 'as-is' with no warranty and all defects, bugs and errors.

4. Developer has taken reasonable steps to keep the Software free of harmful files.

5. Developer does not warrant that the software or your ability to use it will be uninterrupted or error-free. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim any implied warranty for a particular purpose.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

6. If any part of this agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms will stay in effect. This agreement does not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer.

7. This license becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are not met. This agreement will apply from the download or installation date of the software, whichever is first.



DISCLAIMER

The font software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement of copyright, patent, trademark, or other right.

In no event shall the Developer be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, including any general, special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of the use or inability to use the font software or from other dealings in the font software.

Any and all unofficial uploads and derivatives are the responsibility of their respective maintainers.