Dwemeris Script - A Dwemer Rune Font

by dongle

-------------------------

This is a font based on the Dwemer lettering system found in the Elder Scrolls RPG series by Bethesda Softworks.

-------------------------

The third Elder Scrolls edition, Morrowind, features this script in two places; Dwemer doors found leading to the Akulakhan's Chamber and Arkngthand, as well as on the infamous "rustpipe" found in virtually all the Dwemer ruins.

The translation of these inscriptions was done by the Academy for Dwemer Studies, and confirmed by GT (Wormgod) Noonan, the Bethesda developer responsible for creating them.

Only those letters present in the font have been confirmed. Since this style of script is only found in the two game textures noted above, and there are no examples of the missing letters found there, it is not likely the full alphabet will ever be known. If any new discoveries are made I will update the font, but I will not add letters by guessing.

This script style alphabet does not appear to have any relation to the "book" style of Dwemer ruins found in The Egg of Time and Divine Metaphysics.

For more information on the Dwemer writing systems, or if you'd like to help to translate them, please see: Academy for Dwemer Studies at www.whirlingschool.net/dwemer and the Elder Scrolls lore forum at www.elderscrolls.com

-------------------------

You may freely use this font to create any art or game mod assets you'd like.

You may re-distribute the font freely, over the Internet, or by any other means. Always keep the .zip file intact, and this read me included.

Please do not modify and redistribute the font without my permission.

You may NOT sell this font under any circumstances. This includes putting it on compilation font CDs for sale, putting it in a "members only" pay-area of a website, or any other means of financial gain connected in ANY way with the redistribution of this font.

You have my permission to create and sell any artwork made with this font, however you may need to contact Bethesda Softworks before doing so.

-------------------------

True-Type fonts are compatible with any Windows OS. Un-zip and use the Control Panel link to the Fonts folder to install them. You can then type Dwemer letters in any word processor, paint, or drawing program.

-------------------------

Steve Deffeyes (aka dongle) March 19, 2004

(updated May 2009)
